#22 Integrations and Resources (#39)
Inbibo/shift_docs: docs/integration_resources/integrations_resources.md

# Integrations & Resources

One of Shift's key features is its ability to be integrated with multiple applications and adopt many different APIs. 

> Given that Shift is entirely built in Python, it can be used to create and execute workflows in any software capable of running a Python process. This enables the creation of graphs that are specific for an application but also interoperability across various software platforms. This way, with Shift it is possible to integrate functionalities of different software into one single process. On the other hand, some of Shift's operators follow the philosophy of developing them so they are compatible with multiple software (tailored mostly to Digital Creative Content applications), granting the possibility of using a single workflow to achieve the same results in different platforms.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Given that Shift is entirely built in Python, it can be used to create and execute workflows in any software capable of running a Python process. This enables interoperability across various software platforms and the creation of graphs that are specific for an application. This way, with Shift it is possible to integrate functionalities of different software into one single process. On the other hand, some of Shift's operators are developed to be compatible with multiple software (tailored mostly to Digital Creative Content applications), granting the possibility of using a single workflow to achieve the same results in different platforms.

```
